## 2018-10-26

#### invasive [ɪn'veɪsɪv] adj.

1. You use ***invasive*** to describe something undesirable that spreads very quickly and that is very difficult to stop from spreading. （令人不快的事物）迅速扩散的

* They found invasive cancer during a routine examination.
* 他们在一次例行检查中发现了扩散的癌细胞。

2. An ***invasive*** medical procedure involves operating on a patient or examining the inside of their body. 开刀的

* Many people find any the idea of any kind of invasive surgery unbearable.
* 许多人觉得任何一种开刀手术都是难以忍受的。

#### surgery ['sɝdʒəri] n.

1. N-UNCOUNT ***Surgery*** is medical treatment in which someone's body is cut open so that a doctor can repair, remove, replace a diseased or damaged part. 外科手术

* His father has just recovered from heart surgery.
* 他父亲刚从心脏手术中恢复过来。

2. see also ***cosmetic surgery***, ***plastic surgery***

3. N-COUNT A ***surgery*** is the room or house where a doctor or dentist works. 诊室

4. N-COUNT A doctor's ***surgery*** is the period of time each day when a doctor sees patients at his or her surgery. 诊疗时间

5. N-COUNT A ***surgery*** is the area in a hospital with operating rooms where surgeons operate on their patients. 手术室

#### cosmetic surgery

1. N-UNCOUNT ***Cosmetic surgery*** is surgery done to make a person look more attractive. 整形外科手术

* She is rumoured to have had cosmetic surgery on nine different parts of her body.
* 据传她的身体有9个部位做过整形手术。

#### plastic surgery

1. N-UNCOUNT ***Plastic surgery*** is the practice of performing operations to repair or replace skin that has been damaged, or to improve people's appearance. 整形手术

* She even had plastic surgery to change the shape of her nose.
* 她甚至做过整形手术来改变鼻子的形状。

#### cosmetic [kɑz'mɛtɪk] adj. n.

#### plastic ['plæstɪk] adj. n.

---