## 2019 3 3

#### skeleton ['skɛlɪtn] adj. n.

1. N-COUNT Your ***skeleton*** is the framework of bones in your body. 骨骼

* ...a human skeleton.
* ...人体骨骼。

2. ADJ A ***skeleton*** staff is the smallest number of staff necessary in order to run an organization or services. 最起码的（员工）

* Only a skeleton staff remains to show anyone interested around the site.
* 只有极少数的员工留下来带领感兴趣的人参观场地。

3. N-COUNT The ***skeleton*** of something such as a building or a plan is its basic framework. （楼房或计划的）构架；框架

* The town of Rudbar had ceased to exist, with only skeletons of buildings remaining.
* 鲁德巴尔城已不复存在，只剩一些建筑骨架。


#### cease [sis] vt. vi. n.

## 2019 3 11

#### vase [veɪs; veɪz] n.

#### contest [kən'tɛst] vi. vt. n.

## 2019 3 12

#### ambiguous [æm'bɪɡjuəs] adj.


## 2019 3 25

#### inspection [ɪn'spɛkʃən] n.


## 2019 3 27

#### vulnerability [,vʌlnərə'bɪləti] n.

#### audit ['ɔdɪt] vi. vt. n.

#### moderate [ˈmɑdərɪt; (for v.,) ˈmɑdərˌeɪt] vi. vt. adj.

#### semantic [sɪ'mæntɪk] adj.

## 2019 3 28

#### curate ['kjʊrət] vt. n.

1. N-COUNT A ***curate*** is a clergyman in the Anglican Church who helps priest. （英国国教的）助理牧师

2. V-T If an exhibition ***is curated*** by someone, they organize it. 组织

* The Hayward exhibition has been curated by the artist Bernard Luthi.
* 海沃德博览会是由艺术家伯纳德·卢西组织的。

* The best design inspiration -- expertly curated for you.

#### worship ['wɝʃɪp] vi. vt. n.

1. V-T/V-I If you ***worship*** a god, you show your respect to the god, for example, by saying prayers. 敬奉

* ...disputes over ways of life and ways of worshipping God.
* ...一些在生活方式和敬奉上帝方式上的争论。

* He prefers to worship in his own home.
* 他更喜欢在自己的家里敬奉神明。

2. N-UNCOUNT ***Worship*** is also a noun. 敬奉

* ...the worship of the ancient Roman gods.
* ...对古罗马众神的敬奉。

3. N-COUNT 敬神者

* She burst into tears and loud sobs that disturbed the other worshippers.
* 她突然哭起来，大声抽噎，干扰了其它拜神者。

4. V-T If you ***worship*** someon or something, you love them or admire them very much. 爱慕

* She had worshipped him for years.
* 她爱慕他已有好多年了。


#### anglican

#### church

#### clergy

#### priest

#### Christian


## 2019 3 29

#### authentic [ɔ'θɛntɪk] adj.

#### tripod ['traɪpɑd] n.

#### shutter ['ʃʌtɚ] vt. n.

#### aperture ['æpətʃɚ] n.

#### chaotic [ke'ɑtɪk] adj.

#### (shadow) depth of field

#### yield [jild] vi. vt. n.

#### spectator ['spɛktetɚ] n.

## 2019 3 30

#### bizarre [bɪ'zɑr] adj.

#### royalty ['rɔɪəlti] n.

#### empower [ɪm'paʊɚ] vt.

#### conservancy [kən'sɝvənsi] n.

#### revamp [,ri'væmp] vt. n.

## 2019 3 31

#### jealous ['dʒɛləs] adj.

- “I’m jealous of all of you, because I work as 896,” user HelloAnyu said.


#### dominant ['dɑmɪnənt] adj. n.

- On WeChat, China’s dominant social media platform, a developer surnamed Li posted on Moments, “Life or money, it’s a question. But you can’t get both at the same time.”
