## 2019 4 4

#### tackle ['tækl] vt. vi. n.

- Our friendly and hard-working development community is always ready to ***tackle*** new problems as they arise, but since this is an open-source project, we recommend that you first do some due ***diligence*** yourself.

#### diligence ['dɪlɪdʒəns] n.

#### salient ['selɪənt] adj. n.

#### curtail [kɚ'tel] vt.

- GDScript was designed to curtail the issues above and more.

#### ethos ['iθɑs] n.

#### mimicry ['mɪmɪkri] n.

#### squash [skwɔʃ] vt. vi. n.

- A good way to approach sharing your ideas and problems with the community is as a set of user stories. Explain what you are trying to do, what behavior you expect to happen, and then what behavior actually happened. Framing problems and ideas this way will help the whole community stay focused on improving developer experiences as a whole.

#### exquisite [ɪk'skwɪzɪt] adj. n.

- Change your hipster outfit for a toque and a double breasted jacket. Now, instead of making games, you create new and delicious recipes for your guests.

#### visualize ['vɪʒuəlaɪz] vi. vt.

#### terrain [tɛˈren] n.

#### citadel [ˈsɪtədəl] n.

#### nature ['netʃɚ] n.

- Everything discussed here will become ***second nature*** to you once you start making games and putting these concepts into practice.

#### slick [slɪk] vt. vi. adj. adv. n.

#### blazing ['blezɪŋ] v. adj. adv.

#### blaze [blez] vt. vi. n.

#### pertain [pɝ'ten] vi.

#### elegant ['ɛləgənt] adj.

#### accumulator [ə'kjumjəletɚ] n.

## 2019 4 8

#### pipeline ['paɪplaɪn] n.

#### vertex ['vɝtɛks] n. -> vertices

#### decouple [di'kʌpl] vt. n.

#### blink [blɪŋk] vi. vt. n.

- Run the scene and you’ll see the Sprite blinking on and off every second.

#### spawn [spɔn] vi. vt. n.

#### kinematic [,kɪnə'mætɪk] adj.

#### dodge [dɑdʒ] vt. vi. n.

#### creep [krip] vi. n.

- You should ***stick*** to 2D until you have a good understanding of the game development process.
- 在你对游戏开发过程有一个很好的理解之前，你应该坚持2D。